It isn't gonna be a problem.
all right? OK?
Listen. don't talk to anyone.
all right?
He used to know a guy
that runs a garage in Munich.
Said if you needed a vehicle
under the radar.
false plates or a stolen car.
then he was your man.
I'm thinking I should go.
To Munich?
You can't go to Munich.
Albazi's prosecution needs
solid evidence.
And Marcel Kullen
can't reopen the investigation
into Sandy's suicide
without a concrete lead.
Look. we get intel on the car
that drove into Sandy in Munich.
then we can verify if
it really was a drink-drive offence.
What if it was Albazi. hm?
Or one of his men...
who was behind the wheel that day?
I... I don't know. Glenn.
It's too risky.
Man.
You said it yourself.
Bruno isn't safe
until we put Albazi away for good.
Mate...
how long do you want this secret
to be hanging over your family for?
If anyone should go.
it should be me.
No. No. no. no.
No. you're too close to it.
You'd just attract attention.
OK. Yeah. all right.
Bella?
'Roy. we've got a body
washed up at the Sea Lock.'
OK. We're on our way.
ENGINE STARTS
The victim's been ID'd
from her university lanyard
as Charlie Downing.
A psychology student at Sussex Met.
She's just turned 20.
Christ. Poor kid.
Have we notified next of kin?
Parents deceased. No siblings.
Well. someone's missing her.
And what if they've been
through a rehabilitation programme?
Would that convince you?
No.
Some prisoners have only served
40% of their sentence.
That's less than half.
Effectively.
it's a get-out-of-jail-free card.
Excellent. Maddie.
Bronwyn... what do you think?
Well. 200 million's been put
into support services...
...to make sure that they
don't go back to crime. Yeah.
Mr Welling... has it worked?
No. It hasn't.
Rehabilitation's cut short
when a prisoner's released.
so what's the point?
It's a waste of tax payers' money.
OK. But if we're bringing offenders
back into the community.
doesn't that show that we care?
What about victims?
Who cares about them?
Well. isn't there
an argument to be made
that preventing repeat crimes
through rehabilitations is...
...is it economically more viable
in the long run?
Guys. Phones. please.
Time of death is difficult
to pinpoint.
but I would estimate
between 7:30 and 8:30pm last night.
And these compression points here
indicate strangulation.
Dead before she entered the water?
The postmortem will confirm.
but most likely. yes.
What about the scratch?
A sign of a struggle. maybe?
Difficult to tell. given the water
submersion and potential predation.
She may have been carried down
the river before entering the lock.
which could've caused the abrasion.
Davey... where were you last night?
We were supposed to speak. so why
weren't you answering your phone?
You do realise that
if you don't report to me every day.
you're at risk of recall to prison.
I was with my girlfriend.
Ex-girlfriend.
I see.
Well. I am sorry to hear that.
Did something happen between you?
Is... Is that
why you couldn't pick up?
Davey? She just doesn't wanna see me
any more.
Who would blame her?
Have you spoken to the doctor?
Cos. you know.
if you're feeling low. she can help.
They could up your meds maybe.
or find you someone to talk to.
I know it's not easy.
And it's not gonna be easy
for a long time.
but I promise you...
...you can have a good life.
You can.
If she surfaced here.
she could've been dumped anywhere
along the river.
I'm organising a search.
OK.
Who are they?
University students.
It's already all over social media.
We need to head down to campus.
Find out about Charlie's movements
last night.
Cheers.
"Student loses her life." She...
She didn't lose her life.
She was murdered.
I've been saying something like this
was going to happen for months.
Repost our appeal for information.
We need to get this trending.
"Action Vigilant"?
Yeah.
It's their whistle-blowing
social media platform.
Appealing for tip offs.
exposing cover ups.
you know. that sort of thing.
70.000 followers. and it's growing.
I've been looking
for you everywhere.
Are you OK?
Did you hear what happened?
Are you gonna tell someone?
I-I can't.
No. you can.
You-You have to.
Ray. I said no!
OK. fine.
It's your life.
But. Rach. people.
they really need to know the truth.
We've been shouting this
from the rooftops.
Women are being stalked. spiked.
First there was Flora Marshall.
and now Charlie Downing
has been killed.
What's next?
Sorry. Flora Marshall?
She died last term
after an "alleged" overdose.
"Alleged" overdose?
That's what the uni trustees
want you to think.
That's why people need us.
more than ever.
Something's going on here.
Something sinister.
And no-one is listening.
I am.
Show me what you've got.
I want to see it.
I have evidence.
Videos. People upload them
to our online portal.
'I am walking home now.
pretty sure I'm being followed.'
Another?
'Just seen someone wearing
a uni hoody pulled over their face.
'They were looking at me
through the window. Oh...'
Another?
'Can you get
some water? I don't really know.'
'What do you think happened?'
'Our friend's been spiked.
'The ambulance is on its way.
so it's gonna be OK.
'It's gonna be all right.'
Do you believe me now?
I believe you.
Maddie. can you share these videos
with us?
Sure.
Charlie and I got on as housemates.
but we didn't hang out that much.
Any tensions? Conflicts with anyone?
Other than her boyfriend. you mean?
Did she argue with her boyfriend
a lot? Yeah.
Last night. I...
I don't know what about. but she
was supposed to be staying at his.
Then she texted to say
she was on her way home
cos they'd had a row.
Do you know her boyfriend's name?
Tom Carlton.
I never actually met him.
He never came over.
He didn't like her living on campus.
Is there anything else
we should be aware of?
Well... there was this guy that came
to the flat once.
I got home and could see them
from my window in the garden.
He was... shouting at her.
Did you know him?
No.
I asked Charlie about him. but...
...she went weird on me.
To be honest. she'd been
super paranoid for months.
kept thinking
she was being followed.
Did she ever report it?
No. I told her to.
Loads of women around campus
have been saying the same thing.
that they're been followed
and watched.
We're all scared to go out
on our own.
Did you ever experience
anything like that?
Personally. no.
But...
one night. I looked outside and...
there was this man.
He had a Sussex Met hoodie
pulled over his face.
and he was just staring up
at Charlie's room.
I'm sorry to have to ask you this.
Tom. I know it's very difficult.
Were you with Charlie last night?
No. I was on a late shift.
I work at Juice'n'Bun.
The burger place.
So when was the last time
you saw her?
Earlier. She came over before uni.
And how were things between you?
Normal.
No disagreements. or...?
No.
I meant to call her when I got home.
but I was shattered.
That looks really sore.
Oh.
Yeah. A customer came in
last night pissed up.
and I refused to serve him.
But the chef wasn't very happy
about it. so...
...got into a bit of a thing.
It happens.
I think I need to be alone now.
Yeah. of course.
DOOR CLOSES
Where are you?
We need to talk. Call me back.
As we thought.
the cause of death is strangulation.
She was likely deposited
in the river after death.
We also found high levels
of Bromadiazapine in her system.
What is that. a sedative?
Essentially. yes.
Used for panic attacks.
anti-anxiety. alcohol withdrawal.
It's prevalent in universities.
Students are using it
recreationally.
So she could have taken it herself?
It's unlikely.
The levels are extremely high.
and it was taken within an hour
of her death.
There are no needle marks.
It looks like
someone either made her take it...
...or it was slipped into her drink.
Any sign of sexual assault?
None.
So. what was the motivation
for the drugging?
If Maddie's right in thinking
that Flora Marshall was spiked
as well...
...is this the beginning
of a pattern?
Given we have reports
of a stalker on campus
wearing a Sussex Met hoodie...
...is it possible
that this is our killer?
Are we looking at someone on campus.
or an outsider wearing the hoodie
as cover?
Let's start with looking
through university records
for complaints made
of predatory behaviour.
Go through social media and
the videos that Maddie sent through
from Action Vigilant.
We're already looking into
whether Bromadiazapine
is circulating on campus.
It's prescription only.
As well as what happened
between Charlie
and the guy she argued with
at her flat.
What do we have on
Charlie's movements last night?
We've got her at 7:31pm
on Southlands Drive.
No sign of intoxication.
And then here. on the next camera...
...she's gone.
Disappeared completely.
There's a 500-metre patch of road
that isn't covered by CCTV
until she gets to this point.
So could she have turned off?
Maybe taken a shortcut?
There's no side roads there.
It looks like she got into a car.
Yeah. but it's a busy road.
So if she'd been forced into a car.
somebody would have noticed.
Uniform already spoke to residents
and shop keepers.
No-one saw anything.
So maybe she got into the car
of her own free will...
which means
she probably knew her killer.
Nick. check all the cars
that drove down Southlands
from 7:30pm.
Look for any links to Charlie.
friends. housemates. teachers.
more specifically. the boyfriend.
Tom Carlton.
Sasha. her flatmate. said Charlie
and Tom argued last night.
Their relationship was up and down.
Let's check his alibi...
see if he really got that scratch
on his neck at work.
Yeah. And see if we can get hold
of his medical records.
Does he have access
to Bromadiazapine?
Look. just get me the money.
Come on. man. please?!
No! Davey! Davey. listen to me. OK?
This stops right here.
We go to the police.
we tell them the truth.
It only gets worse.
No. No way. man.
I'm not going back to prison.
not for anybody.
'Davey?!'
We're here. and we're listening.
I believe I speak on behalf
of all the trustees when I say
that we will do everything
in our power to support you.
Why are you lying?
Maddie.
No. I'm sorry.
but you standing there
saying that you'll
"do everything in your power".
well. that's bullshit. isn't it?
It's within your power
to grant access
to complaints
and misconduct allegations.
To be transparent. Meanwhile.
there's a stalker on campus.
and women are afraid
to leave their homes.
but you CHOOSE to do nothing.
What exactly have you got to hide?
My dad's an arse.
We live in a country where you
are innocent until proven guilty.
Last time I checked.
that was a very good thing.
Why don't you see. by turning your
lens on potentially innocent people.
making false allegations.
your little star chamber
is turning this university
into a vigilante state.
What would you prefer?
That we put up and shut up?
No. That's not what he's saying.
Witch hunts do not catch witches.
Your actions are affecting your
fellow students. our reputation.
Our intake numbers.
There it is.
What you care about. Your numbers.
Maddie. please.
No! What about us?
That's what I...
We are under threat!
A student has died! We are afraid!
And when we come to you for answers.
we are dismissed.
So either you find out what the hell
is going on here. or we will!
Southlands Drive is the main route
in and out of campus
for every student. teacher
and academic.
so pretty much everyone
was driving along it last night.
It's nothing out of the ordinary.
I've also been digging
into Tom's background. and...
he's had a bit of a rough start.
He was suspended at 13
for cannabis usage.
then at 14. he was placed
under a child protection plan
after his teacher noticed bruising
on his body.
It was the same school he went to
with Charlie. as it happens.
Were they childhood sweethearts?
No. not according to the housemate.
She said they've been together
for about three years.
We also checked
Tom's medical records.
No sign of Bromadiazapine.
I've been looking
through Charlie's emails.
She'd had a conflict with the uni...
...so it looks like they cut off
her hardship fund
a couple of months back.
And then after that...
there's an exchange of
emotional emails with Carl Orton.
her criminal psychology lecturer.
I need to swing by the office.
wade through the latest avalanche
of posts from Action Vigilant.
Well. I've got time tonight.
forward them on.
I'll work through them.
You sure?
That'd be... Well. thanks. Stephen.
I owe you.
But I should say.
with the complaints policy.
nothing changes.
Strictly confidential. Yes?
Of course.
Oh. and. Jon.
regarding Charlie Downing's death.
keep me across everything.
Any developments. I wanna know.
The truth is.
I.. I threw her a bit of work.
Admin stuff. mainly.
Well. is that normal?
To have your students working
for you? No.
And maybe I shouldn't have done it.
But I... I felt sorry for her.
I mean. stopping her hardship fund.
that's not right. is it?
You're just elbowing out
the poor kids.
Why did they stop the fund?
I didn't ask.
Charlie was very private.
And she lost her parents young.
like I did. it makes you that way.
I... I just didn't wanna pry.
You must have talked?
Oh. we talked. Mainly about
the problems at this place.
And you're with the students
on that. are you?
Not every time...
but with Flora Marshall.
the uni was right.
You don't believe she was spiked?
No.
We have no idea
how she got hold of those drugs.
Listen. these kids are just scared.
That's triggered the uni
to over react
and issue a zero-tolerance policy.
which is wrong. in my opinion.
Well. surely they're just trying
to protect students?
Or criminalise them. more like.
If the uni had done more
to protect them.
I might not be talking to you now.
Why stop that fund?
I mean. she was bright.
clearly in need.
Maybe she was taking drugs.
I mean. her boyfriend has a history.
Boss.
I've been going through
Flora Marshall's social media.
and she had a boyfriend.
Joe Franklin.
He's left a series
of angry messages.
accusing Charlie of causing Flora's
death. saying someone needs to pay.
He also messaged Charlie directly.
calling her a heartless snake.
She blocked him just after.
So maybe the uni
stopped Charlie's funding.
not because she was taking drugs.
but because she was dealing them?
That would explain Joe's anger.
Yeah. and that could be how
Charlie was funding her life.
Bella. check Charlie's laptop
search history.
look for online pharmacies.
Boss... Tom's been lying to us.
There was no altercation last night
because he wasn't even at work.
According to one of the waitresses.
he was out drinking
at The King and Queen pub.
Hang on. Isn't that
at the top of Southlands Drive?
Oh. yeah. Those two.
I've seen them in here a few times.
All over each other like a rash.
They're normally no bother.
but last night.
I had to chuck 'em out. Why?
Were they being inappropriate?
Not especially. no. To be fair.
they weren't the problem.
It was the other fella.
What other fella?
Explains where Tom got
those scratches. Hm.
Whoever that is. Tom knows him.
but why's he protecting him?
Thanks for your help.
CLATTERING
Bronwyn?
CAMERA CLICKS
'Vee. it's your dad.
'I know I've no right
to keep calling you. but. listen.
'what you think you know about me.
the reason why I left...
'none of it's true.
'There's a mate of mine.
Dennis Tibson. in Eastville prison.
'Talk to him.
'There are things you need to know.'
Nick.
It looks like Roy's hunch was right.
Charlie used a VPN to conceal it.
but she's been buying
large quantities of Bromadiazapine
from an online pharmacy.
Well. I just checked.
and Flora's death was also confirmed
as acute intoxication.
attributed to Bromadiazapine.
So. if Charlie sold the drugs
that caused Flora's death...
did Joe retaliate?
That's a nice hoodie. Joe.
It's my girlfriend's.
I like the feel of it.
I'm sorry about what happened
to Flora.
You must be very angry.
I would be in your shoes.
Is that why you sent
so many hate messages to Charlie?
I told her the truth.
If she hadn't been dealing.
Flora wouldn't have died.
Least she could do was admit it.
But she didn't admit it. did she?
Thanks to the uni.
she got away scot-free.
There was no way of knowing
if Charlie sold drugs to Flora.
We have a witness. Joe...
...who saw someone
matching your description
yelling at Charlie at her digs.
That you?
I need to go now.
What was the plan?
Make her suffer
the way that Flora suffered? No.
I wish I had.
And last night. where were you?
I was at home.
Can anyone vouch for that?
No.
I was alone.
Thanks to her. I'm always alone.
See if we can verify his movements.
After your brother. it's hard.
This must bring up a lot for you.
Hey. Rach. How are you?
I'm good.
I-I'm not good actually.
I hate this.
She'd like those.
This is why it's so important
you convince your dad.
This can never happen again.
Boss. I've just had a positive ID
on the man from The King and Queen.
His name's Davey Carlton.
Davey Carlton?
Tom Carlton's brother. yeah.
He just got released from prison
last week
on licence for the attempted murder
of his step-father.
And I just called
his probation officer.
and she said that he seemed
a little on edge this morning.
And apparently. last night.
he was with Charlie.
Tell her we're on our way.
Well. that's the thing.
Charlie was
Davey's girlfriend first.
He was crazy about her.
They were childhood sweethearts.
And then when he went to prison.
she turned to Tom for support.
and it developed
into something more.
Did Davey know about that?
Not until last night.
And when you saw Davey. how was he?
Hmm... Withdrawn.
Depressed.
I suggested that he speak
to his doctor
about upping his anti-anxiety meds.
What meds was he on?
Citropram for depression.
and Bromadiazapine for anxiety.
Bromadiazapine?
Mm-hm.
Do you know when he last collected
his prescription?
No. You'd have to speak
to his doctor about that.
And Davey's relationship with Tom.
how was that?
Prior to the altercation.
Close. Inseparably close.
I mean. Tom was his older brother.
his protector.
He would've given his life for him.
Very nearly did. in fact.
What do you mean?
Well...
...before Davey was convicted
of attempted murder.
Tom confessed.
Tried to take the rap for him.
Their step-father was hit over
the head with a cricket bat.
and Tom claimed. falsely.
that he was the one
who carried out the attack.
Then. what changed?
Children's services
had referred Tom to a therapist
when he was a teenager
as part of his support programme.
And he'd kept up the sessions
and he. well.
he told his therapist the truth.
that Davey had swung the bat.
He had presumed that
it was confidential. wrongly.
And the therapist went
to the police? Yeah.
As was his duty of care.
Davey was arrested
the following morning.
And they found specks of the
step-father's blood on his trainers.
He eventually admitted it.
and he was handed
a four-year custodial.
How did Tom take that?
He lost it in court.
Started shouting threats
at the therapist. the judge. police.
Had to be escorted out by security.
Look. the reason I tell you
all of this
is that Tom would do anything
for his brother.
If anyone's gonna lead you to him.
it's Tom.
Nick. I need someone over
to Eastville Prison urgently.
Speak to the prison doctor.
'Find out when Davey Carlton was
last prescribed Bromadiazapine.'
On it.
I-I'll go.
I just need a change of scene.
Thank you.
Davey's been on Bromadiazapine
since he was a teenager.
At one point.
he stopped taking it abruptly.
which caused
a severe withdrawal reaction.
It was restarted.
under close supervision.
and he's been fine on it ever since.
And when he stopped taking it.
what were the effects of that?
An altered mental state.
aggression. confusion. rage.
We put him in Care and Separation
for his own safety.
He was there for over 80 days.
Is there anything else?
Actually. I'd. er...
like to speak to an inmate.
Dennis Tibson.
'I'm looking for information
on James Vernon.'
You worked with him... at the Met?
And you are?
An ex-colleague of Vernon's.
And this man? Do you remember him?
Dave Cripps.
I remember.
Why did Vernon leave London?
There was an informant at the time
who vanished.
Word was it was Vernon's doing.
Vernon murdered him?
That's what people said.
Didn't help that Cripps stayed
in situ.
fanning the flames. until everyone
was convinced that he'd done it.
Everyone apart from me. that is.
You didn't believe it?
It didn't sit right.
Trust me. Cripps isn't a man
to make an enemy of.
But I knew Vernon.
He was a good man.
And more than that...
he had a daughter who he idolised.
You're very young. aren't you.
to have been a colleague
of Vernon's?
Your dad told me you might come.
Look...
I don't know
what exactly he's caught up in...
...but I promise you this.
He wouldn't surface
unless he had to.
And if Cripps is involved...
...I'd say your dad is
in a whole world of trouble.
I'm sorry. I have to go.
The thing is...
...I'm looking at your daughter
right now.
She's a busy girl.
'Don't push me. Cripps.
'You touch her.
and you know what I'll do.'
You can put a stop to this
any time you want. James.
You just give me what I need.
What?
Just the way you shut down
my dad earlier. It was funny.
PHONE CHIMES
Noah.
Who is it?
It's anonymous.
Yeah?
Roy. got something from uniform.
It's a doorbell cam
showing a car following Charlie
down Southlands Drive last night.
Run a check on the car's ownership.
and it's recently been switched
to Davey.
Looks like he bought it
just as he came out of prison.
So he has a history of violence.
access to Bromadiazapine.
and he followed Charlie last night.
We've got more than enough
to arrest him.
Vee. you had a phone call.
You left your sunglasses
at Eastville Prison...
while visiting an inmate?
OK. Thanks. Bella.
Noah!
Who's Davey Carlton?
No idea.
Hm.
No sign that Davey's been here.
but...
...we did find almost two grand
in cash.
You're barking up the wrong tree.
You know. if I thought that Davey
had touched one hair on her head.
I wouldn't think twice.
I'd give him up.
Would you. Tom?
Because when we asked you about
the scratch on your neck.
you lied
to cover for your brother.
Just like you lied to cover for him
when he attacked your step-father.
That was different.
Was it? How?
That sadistic bastard tortured us...
for years.
Davey snapped.
Another day. that would've been me.
I hear if the therapist had
stayed quiet. you'd be in prison.
But he didn't keep quiet. did he?
Davey served the time.
Do you feel guilty about that?
I didn't want him to suffer...
...any more than he already had.
And prison changes people.
doesn't it?
Is that what the nest egg was for.
to give him a fresh start?
It's none of your business.
It is my business
if it's profit from drugs.
Look. we know Charlie was dealing.
Were you dealing too. Tom?
Are you kidding me?
I didn't wanna touch a single penny
of that money.
I hated that she was doing it.
All to stay on that stupid course.
To prove that she was good enough.
which was ridiculous.
She was a world better
than all of those other parasites.
OK. after the argument at the pub.
where did you go?
I went to the beach.
I needed some air.
And Davey?
He came here.
Are you sure about that?
I'm sure.
The CCTV images. That's your car.
It was following Charlie
after she left the pub.
Do you recognise the car. Tom?
It's your brother's car. isn't it?
Oh. you... you didn't know. did you?
I'm sorry.
Prison really does change people.
Why aren't we seizing the money?
For Davey to stay hidden.
he needs help. and he needs cash.
And it's only a matter of time
before his brother gets it to him.
Get Nick to keep an eye
on Tom Carlton.
and let's ask Bella to check
the CCTV from the beach last night.
Let's see
if he was telling the truth.
All complaints are confidential.
End of subject.
Yeah. but it's wrong!
Why can't you just stand up
and do something for once?
We know who killed Charlie.
What?
We've had a tip off. Davey Carlton.
Her ex. We might post it.
Maddie. emotions are running
very high at the moment.
and any misinformation
will just inflame the situation.
It's not misinformation.
He's just been released from prison.
and now she's dead.
Those are facts.
You've been warned
to stay out of things
that don't concern you.
But that's the problem.
They do concern me.
You release that name.
and there will be consequences.
Not just for students.
but for this entire city.
Is that what you really want?
I don't know.
Maybe it's what's needed.
Roy...
...we've got Tom on CCTV
down by the pier.
He was four miles away
when Charlie died.
Anything on Joe Franklin?
Also in the clear.
He was spotted by several people
close to his student house
across town.
Boss... you need to see this.
'Charlie was failed
by a system
'that released this man
far too early.
'just as students are being failed
by a university
'that refuses to tell the truth!
'That refuses to listen.
I have had enough.
'We have had enough.
'I am calling on all of you
'to share any information
that you might have.
'Tell it to us at Action Vigilant.
'Together. we can find Davey.
'And together.
we can get justice for Charlie!'
'Justice for Charlie.
'Justice for Charlie!'
Who the hell tipped them off?
OK. we need to step this up.
I'm not having this investigation
hijacked by misinformation
and online speculation.
Call a press conference.
'We're doing everything in our power
to locate this man...
'..Davey Carlton.
'Caucasian. six foot.
last seen wearing blue jeans.
'a blue hoodie and a grey jacket.
'People are upset.
now. I understand that.
'But I have to reiterate that
'even though Davey Carlton
remains a person of interest.
'he has not yet been charged
or proven guilty.
'No-one should have to face justice
at the hands of the public.
'Please... let us do our job.
Thank you.'
Davey?
Davey!
PHONE CHIMES
DOOR SLAMS.
CHATTER
PASSER-BY 1: ..something I might
have done. it's been misconstrued.
PASSER-BY 2: Misconstrued?
Stop! Stop!
Davey. where are you?
You know. call me!
Boss. I've found Davey's hideout.
All his stuff's here.
but I've looked everywhere.
and he is MIA.
'Stay in position.
Report back the second he shows up.'
Maddie.
Time of death - between 8pm and 9pm.
The cause of death's strangulation.
Same as Charlie.
And we've found Maddie's
phone and laptop in the microwave.
Then why not just take them?
Let's get Forensics
to work their magic.
She was exposing people.
That alone must have made her
a lot of enemies. Yeah.
And then there's Davey Carlton.
Maddie just openly accused him
of murder on social media.
Yeah. and Nick said that he wasn't
at his hideout all night.
He could've gotten in easily.
Let's check the cameras.
See who got in
between eight and nine last night.
The window was already smashed.
so I went and got some help.
Noah?
Look. I'm... I'm sorry
to have to ask you this right now.
but who knew Maddie would've been
working there last night?
Pretty much everyone.
"My light's always on."
That's what she used to say.
Do you know if anyone saw anything?
Our lecturer. Carl Orton.
His office is up there.
He might have seen something.
And given the appeal that Maddie
put out for information on Charlie.
was she sent anything
that might have put her at risk?
Everything put her at risk.
There are a lot of people
who wanted her silenced.
My dad included.
Your dad is a trustee here.
is that right?
Yeah.
He used to be psychologist.
And when my brother died.
he gave it up.
Roy?
I'm very sorry...
about your brother.
Yeah. I'll see you in a minute.
I'll leave you with this -
Solzhenitsyn said that
"the line separating good and evil
"passes through every human heart".
What did he mean?
He... He meant that duality exists
within all of us.
and those who believe
that they are free of evil
are perhaps
the most susceptible to it.
Thank you. and have a great day.
Carl. the window in your office.
that gives you a clear view
to Action Vigilant. right?
Yes. although.
I-I wasn't teaching last night.
I left 6pm sharp.
Oh. God.
I can't quite believe it.
Maddie was unique.
Special.
Look. the world needed
more young women like her.
Vee. go ahead.
'It looks like
Maddie was making serious inroads
'into the campus stalker.'
42 freedom of information requests
to the board of trustees.
'All denied.
'And she's been contacting
Stephen Welling.
'asking him to release the file
'on a complaint made
by a former student.'
Freya Rollins.
'But I'm not able to see
who the complaint is about
'because the university's
redacted the name.'
OK. good work. Thanks. Vee.
Why was Maddie looking
into that particular student now?
Maybe she'd worked out
who the stalker is.
Maddie...
Y-Your courage...
...the way you fought for the truth.
I'm gonna miss you...
...so much.
And whoever did this...
...I've given the police access
to everything.
'Make no mistake...
'..they will find something.'
They are coming for you.
If we revealed the names of everyone
who had a complaint made
against them.
this place would erupt into chaos.
One name. That's all I need.
The student was called
Freya Rollins.
I just need to know
who she made the complaint against.
I understand that.
Detective Superintendent.
I'm not being difficult.
it's just that...
I've signed an NDA.
What I can say is that there was
no concrete evidence against him.
NDA's are irrelevant.
Two students are dead.
Now. we can do this the easy way
or the hard way.
You tell me. or I get a warrant.
I spoke to Jon Hammond.
the secretary.
He claims he can't do anything
without the board's sign off.
Stephen Welling's
not budging either.
We're gonna need a warrant.
PHONE BUZZES
Go ahead. Nick.
'I've got eyes
on Davey Carlton.
'Get a team to the museum
on Alexander Street.'
Good work. Keep him in sight.
Roy?
The DNA results are back
on the scratch on Charlie's face.
They're a match for Davey.
Stop! Police!
You're not going anywhere!
Hello. Davey.
Tell me about Tuesday night.
You'd just found out
that Charlie was having
a relationship with your brother.
That must have hurt.
You think?
Is that why you'd followed her
to the pub?
How did you know she was there?
I didn't.
That's my brother's local.
I was looking for him.
But you did follow her home.
Why?
I don't know.
I was upset.
I wanted to talk to her. ju...
...just to talk.
And then what happened?
Did you force her into your car?
No.
Well. your DNA was found
in a scratch on her face.
How do you account for that?
It's why I ran.
Look. me and Tom. we...
...we got into a fight
in the car park.
Charlie tried to stop us.
Got in the middle.
and I scratched her.
I didn't mean to.
I just caught her accidentally.
I was angry.
Really. really angry.
but I... I didn't kill her.
Talk to me about Maddie Coleman.
I didn't know her. She...
She thought she knew me. though.
Like everyone does.
Well. that must have made you angry.
her splashing your name
all over social media.
calling for your arrest?
Where were you last night?
I was at the museum.
Oh. is that right?
Cos one of our officers.
he had eyes on it.
said you weren't there.
Is he lying?
I was at the river.
It's quiet there.
Can hear myself think.
In prison. the noise...
The river.
Is that where you dumped
Charlie's body?
I didn't kill her.
I loved her.
Hold him.
Let's see if we can verify his story
about his whereabouts last night.
Yeah.
Boss? You're gonna wanna see this.
So. last night. Maddie sent
a video file to Carl Orton
with a threat attached.
Looks like the killer didn't do
as much damage to Maddie's devices
as they'd hoped.
Digital Forensics retrieved it.
I just... I can't help it.
I can't...
I can't stop thinking about you.
And I know there's a...
there's a special connection
between us.
and I know that you feel it too.
No. sorry. I don't...
Oh...
I don't think
you should be talking like this.
Come here.
No. I need to go.
I said come here!
Just let me go!
It's timestamped
to when Maddie sent it.
We're still trying to figure out
when it was recorded.
Two students dead...
and another being assaulted
on camera.
We need to identify the woman
in this video.
Let's bring Carl Orton in.
Mrs Orton...
...is your husband home?
No. not yet. Why?
We have a warrant
to search the premises.
We'll need to come in.
Oh. come...
SHE SIGHS
Look. please will somebody
just tell me what's going on?
What's that up there?
That's Carl's dark room.
Roy?
Here.
PHONE DIALS
Vee. I'm sending you an image.
I need an ID.
You shouldn't be in here.
Carl Orton. you are under arrest
for the murders of Charlie Downing
and Maddie Coleman.
There's
a special connection between us.
and I know that you feel it too.
No. sorry. I don't...
Oh...
I don't think
you should be talking like this.
Come here.
No. I need to go.
I said come here!
Just let me go!
SHE GRUNTS
Look. I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have got grabby
with Rachel.
You didn't "get grabby".
You attacked her.
Yes. I overstepped the mark.
Just the once.
And it's... it's not how it seems.
Maddie. she...
she edited the videos.
Sh-She wanted to make me look bad.
What about Freya Rollins?
And all the students you stalked
and photographed without consent?
Were they trying
to make you look bad as well?
I've made mistakes. I admit it.
But I-I didn't kill Maddie. I swear.
Talk me through your movements
last night.
OK. I...
I left flowers at Rachel's flat.
earlier in the day...
...to apologise.
But I-I didn't hear from her.
so I went back last night.
I just wanted to talk. that's all.
But then her flatmate
wouldn't let me in.
so I left a message saying
that I'd be in the office.
I went back to the uni.
She didn't come.
Why couldn't you have
just left her alone?
The uni hoodie
we found in your darkroom...
is that yours?
It's lost property. that's all.
And the Bromadiazapine?
We found large quantities of it
in your drawer.
It belonged to Charlie Downing.
I found them on her
and confiscated them.
I was just trying to help her.
Well. I think
you like to control young women.
Freya. then Charlie. now Rachel.
You followed them.
you photographed them.
you instilled fear in them.
And you were getting away with it
until Maddie came along
and discovered your secret.
She was gonna expose you.
so you killed her.
No... I-I swear.
I swear on my unborn child.
I didn't.
Bronwyn?
If you're looking for Rachel.
she's out with her mum.
Maybe you can help us.
Did anyone come round here
last night. looking for Rachel?
Carl Orton. you mean?
Yeah. he did.
Not that I let him
anywhere near her.
Creep.
Do you remember
what time that was?
Yeah. it was like 8:40pm.
Do you know what he wanted
to talk to her about?
Well. from the way
that he was sweating.
I'm guessing the video
that she took of him.
Is she in trouble?
No. Not... Not at all.
Carl's the one that's in trouble.
He's currently under arrest.
Bronwyn.
why didn't she go to the uni
or the police with that video?
She was scared.
Carl's popular. isn't he?
And in a position of power.
And she knew
the uni probably wouldn't listen.
whatever she said. so...
her only shot at getting rid of him
was sending Maddie that video.
Do you happen to remember
when she might've recorded it?
Well. yeah. it was the night before
last. when Charlie was killed.
Rachel called me. crying.
straight after.
You've been very helpful. Thank you.
Thank you.
If she's telling the truth.
we need to verify Carl's movements.
And we need to see
Rachel's original video.
I wanna check those timecodes.
Videos are uploaded via a portal
on our website.
so if Maddie wanted to post it.
then. yeah.
she would have edited it down.
That way the video loops
and the algorithm sees
that we're getting more views
and pushes it to more users.
It's just a standard thing.
But I can see if I can get
the original for you?
Please.
Erm. I'm sorry. but it looks like
she permanently deleted it.
I've been tracing Carl's movements.
and I've got him
at the university car park at 9:15pm
on his way out.
So. if Carl didn't show up
at Rachel's until 8:40pm.
and Maddie's time of death
was between 8pm and 9pm.
does that give him enough time
to get back to the uni
and then kill Maddie.
before leaving?
Rachel's house is a good
ten. 15-minute drive to campus.
OK.
What about the night before last.
when Charlie died?
We've got witnesses who saw Carl
and Rachel leaving a uni event
at around 7:40.
and later. there's an ANPR hit
near Rachel's house
at the same time
that Charlie disappeared.
It's too close in both cases.
He's in the clear.
Well. maybe he's not a killer.
but he's still a piece of work.
He should be behind bars.
OK. let's charge him with assault.
but we're gonna have
to bail him for now.
What I don't get is
why would Maddie delete that video?
Maybe she didn't.
What if someone's gone to great
lengths to frame Carl Orton?
I think the answer lies
in that deleted footage.
Is there something in that file
that the killer
doesn't want us to see?
Well. there has to be a way
of retrieving it.
Stephen. I am so sorry. Let's...
Er... Clear your desk. Carl.
I want you out of here immediately.
Do you have any idea of
the monumental damage you've done?
Roy...
Digital Forensics have retrieved
the extended footage
from Action Vigilant's server.
Here.
Please stay away.
Carl. no. no. no. no!
SHE PANTS
Just... stop. Stop.
Stop. you're being...
Stop! Please stop!
THUD
This doesn't make sense.
Maddie was about maximum impact.
hits. you know. creating a stir.
There is no way
she would've edited out that attack.
Play it again.
I can't believe it.
Carl Orton's been released.
I just saw him.
He attacked me. Noah.
He attacked you?
I don't know what to do.
This place. I...
SHE BREATHES SHAKILY
I can't... I can't breathe.
Hey. hey. hey.
Let's... Let's get out of here.
SHE SOBS
Let's go for a drive. Yeah?
'Please. please stay away.
No. no. no. no. Stop.
'Just stop. Stop. Please stop!'
There.
Zoom in.
Closer.
That's Charlie Downing.
That car belongs to Stephen Welling.
OK. check the registration
against all the cars
that were in the uni car park
last night.
Yeah. It was there.
We need to find Rachel
before Stephen Welling does.
The therapist who testified
against Davey in court
was Stephen Welling.
Apparently.
when Davey was sentenced.
Tom threatened
to destroy Stephen's family.
And a month later.
Alexander Welling.
Stephen's son. was murdered.
So. this is Alexander.
And this guy walking up here
in the blue hoodie
throws the punch.
CCTV didn't capture his face.
So there were a number of suspects.
Tom Carlton among them.
His build and height matched
witness descriptions of the attacker
and a similar hoodie was found
at his house.
But he was released
after questioning.
It looks like he was given an alibi
by Charlie Downing.
So it's possible
that Tom really did it
and Charlie lied to protect him?
If she did.
it certainly gives Stephen motive.
I've gone back over the list of cars
going up Southlands Drive
the night Charlie was murdered.
and Stephen's registration
is on there.
This could be a revenge attack.
And did Stephen kill
Charlie Downing?
Stephen kills Charlie Downing.
the person
who Tom and Davey loves the most.
in retaliation
for what happened to Alexander.
And when the video implicating
Stephen landed in Maddie's lap.
he was forced to kill her too.
And he knew that Carl
was the university stalker.
making him easy to frame.
The students are panicking.
We're being flooded with emails
from concerned parents.
Security on campus
needs an urgent review.
along with emergency procedures
and support services.
Right. I think
that we can all agree on that.
Thank you all very much
for your time. Thank you.
Roy?
Look. I've been going back over
Maddie's messages
the night that she died.
Apart from an email
about Freya Rollins.
there's none to
or from Stephen Welling.
So he had no way of knowing
that Maddie had that footage?
No.
Well. I'll tell you who did.
Her partner in crime. Noah.
Remember. he told us
that she deleted the video.
but why would she do that?
So you think Noah deleted it?
Maddie would have told him about it
when it came in.
If it was him
driving Stephen's car that night.
then he couldn't have risked
that footage getting out.
But... why would Charlie get
into a car with Noah?
Did she even know him?
Were they friends?
Yes.
They went to the same school.
PHONE BUZZES
Nick?
Stephen just confirmed
he hasn't used the car in weeks.
He says he lent it to his son.
'Yeah. we know. Noah.'
We need to find him.
We're gonna head to his flat.
It's so peaceful.
I used to come here all the time
when my brother died.
I'm really sorry about your...
Yeah.
Thanks. Rach.
I could've hugged you
when I saw that post.
It was such a relief
to know the police had the video...
...that I didn't need
to speak to them myself.
I thought...
that Carl would be locked up.
Is Rachel here?
No. No. she's just texted.
She's gone for a drive with Noah.
Why?
Noah's got Rachel.
It really is beautiful.
I told you.
The trees release
some sort of chemical.
I can't remember the name of it.
but Maddie told me about it.
Maddie was amazing.
She was the only one brave enough
to tell the truth.
What happens now?
Do we go back
to protecting the predators?
Screw that!
I'm posting the video myself.
If the uni or the police
won't do anything...
then I will.
Rachel. stop.
What are you doing?
You were never meant to be involved.
No!
Nick. check ANPR
and track Noah's phone.
Last ANPR hit was on the A275.
heading north
towards Old Mill Forest.
Trying to track the phone.
I'll get the coordinates.
Send it through to Vee as well.
She's at the campus.
She's got a head start on us.
Noah.
Please.
Take me home.
I can't do that.
Thing is. Rach.
everyone knows you're depressed.
So when they find you here...
...it'll make sense.
I'm sorry.
Noah? Noah?
Rachel? Rachel? Rachel. wake...
Come on. Rachel! Come on!
Roy... Vee's car.
Noah!
Vee! Vee!
Come on.
With me!
Get her out!
Gently. Gently.
That's it.
Rachel. Rachel. Rachel.
OK. It's all right.
Noah Welling.
I'm arresting you for the murders
of Charlie Downing
and Madeleine Coleman.
It's Tom Carlton
you should be arresting!
It may harm your defence...
He killed my brother.
and you guys did nothing.
...you later rely on in court...
That bitch Charlie covered for him.
...may be given in evidence.
Do you understand?
When Davey was implicated
in Charlie's murder.
why didn't you tell us
about your connection?
With everything going on at the uni.
I...
I honestly didn't know
if it was linked.
My testimony caused those boys
so much pain and anger.
I had so many
unanswered questions...
about my son's death...
...one being
whether Charlie's alibi was true.
In the end. I-I had to accept
what the police told me.
Or at least try to.
Well. sadly... Noah didn't.
I had no idea what he was thinking.
Planning.
After Alex died. I pushed them away.
Noah and his mum.
I didn't want to... but...
...I was just...
...so full of pain.
I had no space for theirs on top.
My wife left
a year after Alex died.
I'm so sorry.
Those poor girls.
Pause it.
Zoom in.
You made a decision
to make Tom and Davey suffer.
like you suffered.
Tom Carlton murdered my brother.
And the police did nothing.
Why Maddie?
She saw Charlie in the video.
She was gonna tell the police.
Inflicting your own justice
is cathartic. isn't it. Noah?
Until you get it wrong.
I didn't get it wrong.
There was tons of evidence.
You just chose to ignore it.
I've seen this video before.
That's Tom murdering my brother.
A witness identified him!
They identified a man
in a blue hoodie.
Which was found in Tom's flat.
That witness was mistaken. Noah.
Look.
Look!
You see the streetlamp?
The vibrations from the traffic
have made the phosphor fall away.
So the lamp and everything below it
appears blue.
The witness thought they saw
the attacker wearing a blue hoodie
because of the light.
It was actually grey.
So he was wearing
a different hoodie.
That doesn't mean Tom didn't do it.
He has an alibi in Charlie.
That alibi was bullshit.
Charlie lied to save him
just as they were gonna charge him.
Look at the date and time stamp.
Tom was nowhere near the bar
that night.
He was in London with Charlie.
No.
Tom Carlton
did not kill your brother.
I understand your pain. your anger.
but it was misplaced. Noah.
An eye for an eye
doesn't bring peace.
It just creates a cycle of violence
that can be impossible to break.
But it ends.
Right here.
What are you doing here?
I'm here to see my brother.
How did it go?
The recall
to prison's been overturned.
Man. that's great.
Well done for today.
Are you OK?
Yeah. fine. Thanks. though.
Are you gonna tell me
who the hell this Dennis Tibson is?
My dad left a message.
told me to go talk to him.
He reckons...
...that Cripps is dangerous...
...and that he framed my dad
for the murder of that informant.
Maybe my dad had no choice...
when he walked out on me.
Well. the only way
you're gonna know the truth...
...is if you talk to him.
Without you.
we would never have caught Noah.
And Carl would
still be teaching here.
He's facing criminal charges.
and that's all because of you
and Maddie.
Your bravery.
She was a trailblazer.
And I'll keep on the fight.
Believe me...
we will only get stronger.
I'm afraid you have to be
a little more specific.
I have a lot of people call on me.
Looking for information
on that Nissan.
It was involved in an accident
on Levisstrasse.
April 21st.
You recognise it. don't you?
Do you know the driver?
I know him. I sold him that car.
Does the name Arta Droege
mean anything to you?
Name the blood vessel
which carries blood
into the right atrium of the heart.
Oh. Dad's back.
I'll... I'll do them upstairs.
Are you sure?
Hey. Bruno.
Are you OK?
Hey.
Not really.
Come here.
Sorry.
I... I have to take this.
Stay there.
Glenn?
'Roy. I've got a name.
'Now I've ran a quick check.
'and this guy has got a string
of convictions across Europe.
'I'll pass it onto Marcel.
but if this pays off...'
It means...
...Cassian was telling the truth.
Sandy could have been murdered.
'Yeah.
'I'm so sorry. Roy.
Let's talk when I get back.'
I did what you asked.
but they are getting close.
The cop's name... Glenn Branson.
He has a wife and two kids.